---
title: "Webex App | Smart notifications on multiple devices"
product: "Webex Meetings"
article_id: "5wy2h0"
url: "https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/5wy2h0/Webex-App-Smart-notifications-on-multiple-devices"
last_updated: "2024-09-19"
description: "If you want to get notifications from Webex App, make sure that all your devices
have notifications turned on. Then, the app can figure out which device you&#x27;re
using and send notifications there."
tags: ["webex-meetings", "webex-messaging", "webex-calling"]
source: "help.webex.com"
---

# Webex App | Smart notifications on multiple devices

## Device Settings

Any settings you've made on your device overrides the settings you specify in the app. If you want Webex App notifications but have notifications turned off on your device, you don't get notified outside of the app when someone sends you a message, updates a space, or starts a meeting. So, ensure you turn on your device notifications:

- Windows 10: Settings  \> System  \> Notifications and actions
- Mac:  System Settings  \>  Notifications  \>  Webex
- iPhone and iPad: Settings  \> Notifications  \> Webex
- Android: Settings  \> Apps, Apps & Notifications, Applications, or Applications Manager  \> Webex  \> Notifications or App Notifications

## Smart Notifications

When you've been Webex App installed on more than one device, the app detects which device you're using, or have used in the last 2 minutes. It then sends message and meeting notifications there. 

The app considers you active, whenever you send messages, or read new ones.

For example, when you're reading or sending messages at your Windows computer, and then start using the app on your Android phone, the app knows to send notifications to your phone instead of your computer. 

If the app detects no activity 40 seconds after it sends a notification, it sends the notification to all your devices, so that it reaches you on at least one.

## Notifications on iOS Devices

Webex App delivers notifications to iOS devices using Apple's Notification Service Extension (NSE). The following are some examples of notification behavior:

- You occasionally see new messages or meeting notifications displayed as You have a new message or You have a new meeting on your lock screen.
- The badge count on your home screen may not update until you bring the app to the foreground, due to Apple iOS limitations.  
Applies to both [Webex iOS app](https://apps.apple.com/app/webex/id833967564), and [Webex for Intune iOS app](https://apps.apple.com/app/webex-for-intune/id1512240567).
