---
title: "View and share Webex Meetings details"
product: "Webex Meetings"
article_id: "k8888g"
url: "https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/k8888g/View-and-share-Webex-Meetings-details"
last_updated: "2024-09-21"
description: "After a meeting ends, the host can now quickly share with invitees a summary of
the meeting and a link to more details."
tags: ["webex-meetings"]
source: "help.webex.com"
---

# View and share Webex Meetings details

When a host records a meeting and has [Webex Assistant for Webex Meetings](https://help.webex.com/en-us/ygksov/) turned on, or when Webex Assistant for Meetings is turned on and meeting highlights are generated, a dialog box is shown to the host after the meeting ends. It includes a summary of the meeting and a link to view more details, such as the number of highlights, transcript, and recording, if any. 

- Click Share to quickly share this with meeting invitees.
- Click View details to sign in to your Webex site and get more complete participant information, such as the highlights, transcript, recording, and entire list of attendees.

If you check Don't show this again, you won't see this dialog box after each meeting, but you won't automatically share content with your invitees. If you want to share content with your invitees, you must do so manually after each meeting from your Webex site.

To modify whether or not you automatically share content with your meeting invitees:

1. From your Webex site, go to Preferences \> Scheduling.
2. Select an option:

  - Select the check box next to Automatically share the meeting highlights, recording, and transcript with meeting invitees to automatically share content with meeting invitees after future meetings. The dialog box above won't be shown after each meeting ends.
  - If you want to see the dialog box after each meeting ends and choose whether to share content with meeting invitees on a per-meeting basis, clear the check box next to Automatically share the meeting highlights, recording, and transcript with meeting invitees.

This feature is part of the 41.2 update, but will be available on a delayed release cycle. Check [status.webex.com/maintenance](https://status.webex.com/maintenance?lang=en%5FUS) to see when it will be available on your site.

The host also receives a [summary email](https://help.webex.com/en-us/nl0bttab/View-a-Webex-Post-Meeting-Summary) from the meeting.
