---
title: "Limits and Bounds of Serviceability Service"
product: "Webex for Cisco BroadWorks"
article_id: "142g9e"
url: "https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/142g9e/Limits-and-Bounds-of-Serviceability-Service"
last_updated: "2025-02-13"
description: "Limits and Bounds of Serviceability Service"
tags: ["webex-for-cisco-broadworks"]
source: "help.webex.com"
---

# Limits and Bounds of Serviceability Service

## Serviceability Connector

### Expressway Clustering

- The Serviceability Connector should be hosted on a single Expressway. We do not support the Serviceability Connector on multiple node clusters.  
This limitation applies for either Serviceability Connector use case.

### Expressway Coresidency

- The Serviceability Connector requires a dedicated connector host Expressway. We do not support coresidency with other connectors.  
This limitation applies for either Serviceability Connector use case.

### Cisco BroadWorks

- The Serviceability Connector supports the current major release of BroadWorks servers, and two major releases before that release (N-2 support). There is one known exception: the command to retrieve MariaDB status \[cmd:mdbctl status\] from the Cisco BroadWorks Messaging Server is only supported on BroadWorks R22 or later.  
This limitation applies for the TAC use case.

### Hosted Collaboration Mediation Framework (HCM-F)

- Each Serviceability Connector may manage one HCM-F deployment. This is by design.  
Your organization may have multiple Serviceability Connectors, but only one per HCM-F deployment.  
This limitation applies for either Serviceability Connector use case.
- The Serviceability Connector supports the following numbers when importing from HCM-F:

  - Up to 700 customers
  - Up to 1000 clusters
  - Up to 3000 devices  
The Serviceability Connector raises an alarm if the import from HCM-F exceeds any one of these threshholds.  
This limitation applies for either Serviceability Connector use case.
