---
title: "Using the classroom setup on Room Series"
product: "Devices"
article_id: "59f85m"
url: "https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/59f85m/Using-the-classroom-setup-on-Room-Series"
last_updated: "2025-06-06"
description: "The classroom setup is designed for easy use of rooms where you deliver training
and education sessions. The setup helps bringing together groups from different
sites. Whether the presenter is in the room or calling in from a remote
location, participants receive a good and engaging experience."
tags: ["devices"]
source: "help.webex.com"
---

# Using the classroom setup on Room Series

Classroom mode is supported on:

- Board Pro G2
- Room Kit EQ (Codec EQ) and Room Kit EQX
- Room Kit Plus (Codec Plus) and Room Kit Pro (Codec Pro)
- Room Bar Pro
- Room 55 Dual, Room 70, and Room 70 G2

A classroom is equipped with two cameras and one or more screens. The maximum number of screens depends on the type of device.

The classroom is tailored around three room modes: **local presenter**, **remote presenter**, and **discussion** mode. It is easy to change the mode on-the-fly, so that it suits the type of training you are delivering.

- **Local presenter:** The presenter is in the room.
- **Remote presenter:** The presenter is calling in.
- **Discussion:** For discussions between different sites, and with a local presenter in the room.

## Change room mode during a meeting

Your administrator may or may not have set up the room to switch between the **local presenter** and **remote presenter** modes automatically. If automatic switching is not enabled, use the touch controller to switch between room modes manually.

Automatic switching implies:

- **Local presenter** mode is used when a presenter is detected on the local stage.
- **Remote presenter** mode is used when no presenter is detected on the local stage.

 Always use the touch controller to choose **discussion** mode.

**Switch between room modes manually** 

1. Tap Classroom on the touch controller.
2. Tap the mode that you want to change to: Local Presenter, Remote Presenter, or Discussion. The current mode is highlighted.  
If your administrator hasn't disabled automatic switching, the room mode will continue to change according to the automatic switching rules listed above.
