---
title: "Cisco Room Phone product and safety"
product: "Devices"
article_id: "945d69"
url: "https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/945d69/Webex-Room-Phone-product-and-safety"
last_updated: "2026-01-23"
description: "It&#x27;s important to know the safety and security rules for your device before an
emergency occurs. That way, you&#x27;ll know what to do if you have a power outage,
your network gets congested, or a power source issue occurs. You&#x27;ll also learn
about product security."
tags: ["devices"]
source: "help.webex.com"
---

# Cisco Room Phone product and safety

## Safety and Performance Information

### Power Outage

Your access to emergency service through the phone requires that the phone receive power. If a power interruption occurs, service or emergency calling service dialing does not function until power is restored. If a power failure or disruption occurs, you may need to reset or reconfigure the equipment before you can use service or emergency calling service dialing. 

### Regulatory Domains

The radio frequency (RF) for this phone is configured for a specific regulatory domain. If you use this phone outside of the specific regulatory domain, the phone will not function properly, and you might violate local regulations. 

### External Devices

We recommend that you use good-quality external devices that are shielded against unwanted radio frequency (RF) and audio frequency (AF) signals. External devices include headsets, cables, and connectors. 

Depending on the quality of these devices and their proximity to other devices, such as mobile phones or two-way radios, some audio noise may still occur. In these cases, we recommend that you take one or more of these actions: 

- Move the external device away from the source of the RF or AF signals.
- Route the external device cables away from the source of the RF or AF signals.
- Use shielded cables for the external device, or use cables with a better shield and connector.
- Shorten the length of the external device cable.
- Apply ferrites or other such devices on the cables for the external device.

Cisco cannot guarantee the performance of external devices, cables, and connectors. 

In European Union countries, use only external speakers, microphones, and headsets that are fully compliant with the EMC Directive \[89/336/EC\]. 

### Ways to Provide Power to Your Phone

You can provide power to your phone in one of these ways:

- Use the power adapter that comes with your phone.
- If your network supports Power over Ethernet (PoE), you can plug your phone into the network. Plug an Ethernet cable into the Ethernet phone port  and into the network.

If you are not sure whether your network supports PoE, check with your administrator.

### Phone Behavior During Times of Network Congestion

Anything that degrades network performance can affect phone audio and video quality, and in some cases, can cause a call to drop. Sources of network degradation can include, but are not limited to, the following activities:

- Administrative tasks, such as an internal port scan or security scan.
- Attacks that occur on your network, such as a Denial of Service attack.

### UL Warning

The LAN/Ethernet cable or other cables attached to the device should not be extended outside of the building.

### Class 1 Power

Class 1 products must be connected to a mains power outlet with protective earthing.

### Product Label

The product label is located on the bottom of the device.

## Compliance Statements

### Compliance Statements for the European Union

#### CE Marking

The following CE mark is affixed to the equipment and packaging.

#### RF Exposure Statement for the European Union

This device has been evaluated and found compliant in accordance with EU EMF Directive 2014/53/EU.

### Compliance Statements for the USA

#### Part 15 Radio Device

This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:

1. This device may not cause harmful interference, and
2. This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.

The Part 15 radio device operates on a non-interference basis with other devices operating at this frequency. Any changes or modification to said product not expressly approved by Cisco, including the use of non-Cisco antennas, could void the user’s authority to operate this device.

### Compliance Statements for Canada

This device complies with Industry Canada license-exempt RSS standard(s). Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. Privacy of communications may not be ensured when using this phone.

This product meets the applicable Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada technical specifications.

#### Avis de Conformité Canadien

Cet appareil est conforme aux normes RSS exemptes de licence RSS d’Industry Canada. Le fonctionnement de cet appareil est soumis à deux conditions : (1) ce périphérique ne doit pas causer d'interférence et (2) ce périphérique doit supporter les interférences, y compris celles susceptibles d'entraîner un fonctionnement non souhaitable de l'appareil. La protection des communications ne peut pas être assurée lors de l'utilisation de ce téléphone.

Le présent produit est conforme aux spécifications techniques applicables d'Innovation, Sciences et Développement économique Canada.

#### Canadian RF Exposure Statement

THIS DEVICE MEETS THE LIMITS AS REFERENCED BY ISED RSS-102 R5 FOR EXPOSURE TO RADIO WAVES

Your device includes a radio transmitter and receiver. It is designed not to exceed the General populace (uncontrolled) limits for exposure to radio waves (radio frequency electromagnetic fields) as referenced in RSS-102 which references Health Canada Safety Code 6 and include a substantial safety margin designed to assure the safety of all persons, regardless of age and health.

As such the systems are designed to be operated as to avoid contact with the antennas by the end user. It is recommended to set the system in a location where the antennas can remain at least a minimum distance as specified from the user in accordance to the regulatory guidelines which are designed to reduce the overall exposure of the user or operator.

The device has been tested and found compliant with the applicable regulations as part of the radio certification process.

##### Déclaration d'Exposition aux RF Canadienne

CE PÉRIPHÉRIQUE RESPECTE LES LIMITES DÉCRITES PAR LA NORME RSS-102 R5 D'EXPOSITION À DES ONDES RADIO

Votre appareil comprend un émetteur et un récepteur radio. Il est conçu pour ne pas dépasser les limites applicables à la population générale (ne faisant pas l'objet de contrôles périodiques) d'exposition à des ondes radio (champs électromagnétiques de fréquences radio) comme indiqué dans la norme RSS-102 qui sert de référence au règlement de sécurité n°6 sur l'état de santé du Canada et inclut une marge de sécurité importantes conçue pour garantir la sécurité de toutes les personnes, quels que soient leur âge et état de santé.

En tant que tels, les systèmes sont conçus pour être utilisés en évitant le contact avec les antennes par l'utilisateur final. Il est recommandé de positionner le système à un endroit où les antennes peuvent demeurer à au moins une distance minimum préconisée de l'utilisateur, conformément aux instructions des réglementations qui sont conçues pour réduire l'exposition globale de l'utilisateur ou de l'opérateur.

 Le périphérique a été testé et déclaré conforme aux réglementations applicables dans le cadre du processus de certification radio.

#### Canadian High-Power Radars Statement

Users should also be advised that high-power radars are allocated as primary users (that is, priority users) of the bands 5250-5350 MHz and 5650-5850 MHz and that these radars could cause interference and/or damage to LE-LAN devices.

Devraient également être informés des utilisateurs que les radars à haute puissance sont désignés comme utilisateurs principaux (à savoir des utilisateurs prioritaires) des bandes 5250-5350 MHz et 5650 à 5.850 MHz et que ces radars pourraient provoquer des interférences et / ou endommager les périphériques LE-LAN.

### FCC Compliance Statements

The Federal Communications Commission requires compliance statements for the following statements.

#### FCC Part 15.19 Statement

This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.

#### FCC Part 15.21 Statement

Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.

#### FCC RF Radiation Exposure Statement

This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. End users must follow the specific operating instructions for satisfying RF exposure compliance. This transmitter must be at least 20 cm from the user and must not be collocated or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 

#### FCC Receivers and Class B Digital Statement

This product has been tested and complies with the specifications for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used according to the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. 

If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which is found by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures: 

- Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna
- Increase the separation between the equipment or devices
- Connect the equipment to an outlet other than the receiver's
- Consult a dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for assistance

## Cisco Product Security Overview

This product contains cryptographic features and is subject to U.S. and local country laws that govern import, export, transfer, and use. Delivery of Cisco cryptographic products does not imply third-party authority to import, export, distribute, or use encryption. Importers, exporters, distributors, and users are responsible for compliance with U.S. and local country laws. By using this product, you agree to comply with applicable laws and regulations. If you are unable to comply with U.S. and local laws, return this product immediately. 

Further information regarding U.S. export regulations can be found at <https://cisco.com/go/usear>. 

## Important Online Information

### End User License Agreement

The End User License Agreement (EULA) is located here: <https://www.cisco.com/go/eula> 

### Regulatory Compliance and Safety Information

Regulatory Compliance and Safety Information (RCSI) is located here: 

<https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/td/docs/voice%5Fip%5Fcomm/cuipph/Webex/Room/RCSI/RCSI-0427-book.pdf>
