---
title: "Cisco Proximity 4.0: Cloud pairing"
product: "Devices"
article_id: "n1v31g9"
url: "https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/n1v31g9/Cisco-Proximity-4-0-Cloud-pairing"
last_updated: "2025-05-19"
description: "Cisco Proximity allows users to share content wirelessly, place calls, and
control video conferencing devices from their laptop, when they are close to a
video conferencing device."
tags: ["devices"]
source: "help.webex.com"
---

# Cisco Proximity 4.0: Cloud pairing

When Cisco Proximity is enabled, the video conferencing device transmits ultrasound pairing messages. These messages are received by nearby devices with the Cisco Proximity client, which can then pair automatically with the video conferencing device.

Cisco recommends deploying the Webex App for wireless sharing, device control and easy meeting join. But, where that's not possible, Cisco Proximity provides a lightweight and device-centric alternative without infrastructure dependencies.

Cisco has discontinued the development of the Cisco Proximity application. This complimentary tool will no longer receive software updates or support. We recommend transitioning to the [Webex App](https://help.webex.com/pceb9t/), [Miracast®](https://help.webex.com/kfdwufb/), or [Apple AirPlay](https://help.webex.com/ndlsg3c/) for secure wireless sharing. For more details, please visit our [support forum](https://community.cisco.com/t5/cisco-proximity/important-update-discontinuation-of-cisco-proximity/m-p/5208465). Thank you for your understanding and continued support. 

Cisco Proximity is available for devices linked with [ Webex Edge for Devices ](https://help.webex.com/cy2l2z/) when cloud-managed software upgrade and Webex optimized experience is enabled.

 Enable cloud pairing and proximity services 

Cisco Proximity is enabled by default on cloud-registered devices. To enable it for on-premises registered devices using Webex Edge for Devices:

| 1 | Log into the device's web interface.                            |
| - | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 2 | Go to Settings > Configurations .                               |
| 3 | Scroll down and select Proximity > Mode . Check that it is On . |
| 4 | Then, set CloudProximity > Mode  to On .                        |

When proximity is enabled, the video conferencing device will send ultrasound pairing messages. Note that your computer and the video device need to be on the same network. Make sure you select the services you want to allow:

To place calls and control the video conferencing device:

- Go to Proximity > Services > CallControl  and select Enabled .

To allow wireless sharing from a desktop client:

- Go to Proximity > Services > ContentShare > FromClients  and select Enabled .
