---
title: "Do not disturb sync between Webex App and desk phone"
product: "Webex Calling"
article_id: "d307vb"
url: "https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/d307vb/Do-Not-Disturb-Sync-DND-between-Webex-App-and-desk-phone"
last_updated: "2024-10-11"
description: "Integrated experience for Webex Calling users by synchronizing Do Not Disturb
(DND) status between Webex App and desk phone."
tags: ["webex-calling"]
source: "help.webex.com"
---

# Do not disturb sync between Webex App and desk phone

## Overview

When you need time to focus and don’t want any incoming call notifications to disturb you, you need not enable DND on each of your Webex Calling registered clients. When you enable DND on the Webex App, the state is automatically synchronized to your desk phone. Similarly, when you enable it on your desk phone, the state automatically synchronizes with your Webex App.

When you set DND status on Webex Calling registered clients, you don’t get a notification of the incoming call. The DND status on your desk phone is implicitly turned on when you’re present in a Webex Meeting. On configuring the Call forward busy setting, the calls go directly to voicemail. If the voicemail isn’t configured, the caller hears a busy signal.

On disabling the DND sync toggle, the iOS devices are impacted and the calls ring on the device even when DND is set.

To enable DND on Webex App and Multiplatform Phone (MPP), see: [Webex App | Let people know you're busy](https://help.webex.com/article/njzs6wl).

## Do not disturb status synchronization at organizational level

When the user enables DND on the desk phone and it’s synchronized to the Webex App, it disables both call and message notifications. If some users don’t want message notifications to be disabled, the admin can disable DND synchronization.

To disable DND synchronization:

| 1 | Sign in to [Control Hub](https://admin.webex.com).                                                   |
| - | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 2 | Go to Services \> Calling \> Client Settings.                                                        |
| 3 | In the Do Not Disturb (DND) Status Sync section, toggle to disable the Allow DND to be synchronized. |
