---
title: "What's New in UCM Cloud"
product: "UCM Cloud"
article_id: "6f5s54"
url: "https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/6f5s54/What-s-New-in-UCM-Cloud"
last_updated: "2024-08-31"
description: "Take a look at what’s happening with the UCM Cloud. Here’s your first stop to
see the enhancements we&#x27;ve made from time to time."
tags: ["ucm-cloud"]
source: "help.webex.com"
---

# What's New in UCM Cloud

## What's New

February 2022

### February

**February 14, 2022** 

**UCM Cloud is available in Australia region** 

Two new data centers in Australia is available for UCM Cloud. Partners and Customers can now activate UCM Cloud in "AUS" region.

For more information, see [Cisco UCM Cloud Data Center Locations](https://ucmcloudhelp.cisco.com/kb/cisco-ucm-cloud-data-center-locations/).

January 2022

### January

**January 6, 2022** 

****Auto-Provisioning of Webex App Devices in Unified CM for Calling in UCM Cloud** 

The auto-provisioning feature in Control Hub enables the self-provisioning of the user's devices for Calling in Unified CM, without any administrator's intervention. When a user provisioned for Calling in UCM Cloud signs in with their registered email address or User ID into Webex App, corresponding device types will be auto created in Unified CM.

For more information, see [Auto-Provisioning of Webex App Devices in Unified CM for Calling in UCM Cloud](https://help.webex.com/en-US/article/nsdjszx/Auto-Provisioning-of-Webex-App-Devices-in-Unified-CM-for-Calling-in-UCM-Cloud).

June 2021

### 6 June 2021

#### Understanding Analytics

Analytics in Control Hub allows the administrators to access interactive data visualizations that show important information, such as usage and adoption trends. Explore data as it automatically adapts to parameters that you specify in real time. 

The UCM Cloud Analytics provides insight into the Service Experience, Asset Usage and now with the recent addition of Traffic Analysis you can dive deep into the analytics visualizations illustrating Call Traffic Locations and Call Traffic Analysis with real-time data. Whereas the Capacity Analysis allows you to visualize the overall Trunk capacity usage over various Trunk types and Call types.

For more details, see [UCM Cloud Analytics](https://help.webex.com/en-us/gmpqxx/UCM-Cloud-Analytics).

February 2021

### 4 February 2021

#### Support for Flex 3.0 Reports

Flex Usage Charts and reporting in UCM Cloud is enhanced to display the license usage for customers with Flex 3.0 plan. For details, see [UCM Cloud Flex Usage Reports](https://help.webex.com/en-us/ha7ulg/UCM-Cloud-Flex-Usage-Reports).

November 2020

### 26 November 2020

#### Assigning Helpdesk Admin Role

The Control Hub allows you to assign role to users based on their responsibilities, and the work requirement such as the Helpdesk Admin role. It helps customers to generate analytics report at every node and identify issues, if any. For details on the role and assignment, see [UCM Cloud RBAC Entitlements](https://help.webex.com/en-us/687dpo/UCM-Cloud-RBAC-Entitlements).
