---
title: "Best Practices for Communicating with Participants in Events (classic)"
product: "Webex Events (Classic)"
article_id: "nd8133t"
url: "https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/nd8133t/Best-Practices-for-Communicating-with-Participants-in-Webex-Events-Classic"
last_updated: "2024-09-16"
description: "Communicating with participants in a Webex event is easy. You can use polls,
share your screen, or ask for feedback."
tags: ["webex-events-(classic)"]
source: "help.webex.com"
---

# Best Practices for Communicating with Participants in Events (classic)

As a host of an event in Events (classic), you can communicate with your attendees through polls, sharing content, or asking for feedback to ensure that they're understanding your presentation.

## Using Polls

You can use a poll to get feedback from your attendees during an event.

If you're the event host, then you're also the polling administrator by default. As the host, you can make any attendee the polling administrator before or after the event begins. This can be useful when you want to delegate the responsibility of polling to someone else or when you have to leave an event early.

You can create a poll before your event. Your attendees will appreciate that they don't have to wait for you to create a poll during the event. To download the Webex poll questionnaire editor, sign in to your Webex account and select Webex Events (classic) \> Support \> Downloads \> Webex Poll Questionnaire Editor.

## Sharing Content

You can share content during your meeting by selecting Share . The Share content dialog box shows thumbnail previews of the screens and applications that you have open.

## My Screen

You can share everything on your computer screen with your attendees. If you have multiple monitors that are connected to your computer, place your cursor over the thumbnail of the screen that you want to share and select Share.

## File (Including Video)

You can share one or multiple files with attendees. To share a file that you have open, place your cursor over its thumbnail and select Share.

When the file that you want to share isn't open, place your cursor over the Share File thumbnail, select Share, and select the file that you want to share.

## Application

You can share applications on your computer with attendees.

To share an application that you have open, place your cursor over its thumbnail and select Share. When the application that you want to share isn't open, place your cursor over the Other Application thumbnail and select Share.

If you have multiple monitors that are connected to your system, don't share applications that are displayed on different monitors.

## Whiteboard

You can open a new whiteboard to make notes or draw pictures by using the annotation tools.

## Web Browser

You can share your web browser with your attendees. A new tab is opened in your default browser and you control what is displayed while your attendees follow along as you navigate the web.

## Multimedia

You can share web pages and multimedia content that your attendees can navigate independently.

## Remote Computer

If this setting is enabled, you can control a remote computer during your event. Select a computer and click Connect. You can't access a remote computer unless you have the Access Anywhere agent on your computer.

## My Event Window

You can share your event window with your attendees. Attendees only see the Webex window on your computer.

## Assign Privileges

You can annotate the files and whiteboards that you share during an event. If you assign privileges to your panelists and attendees, they can use the text and graphic tools to highlight, add notes, and create basic images.

## Using the Q&A Panel

You can use the Q&A panel to answer questions from your attendees in an organized manner. You can assign questions to specific panelists, answer privately, designate a priority, and defer or dismiss questions.

## Encouraging Attendee Communication

Your attendees can communicate with you in many ways. It's a good idea for you to encourage your attendees to communicate with you. Good feedback is important.

## Feedback Tools

When you need a simple response, you can use the feedback tools. Your attendee can select one of the options in the Feedback  menu:

After an attendee selects an item from the Feedback menu, you'll see the results next to that attendee's name in the Feedback Result window. As the host, you clear the feedback results.

## Using Chat or Raise Hand

During an event, your attendees can use the chat window to chat with you, the panelists, or other attendees (if you grant that permission).

Your attendees can also use Raise Hand  in the Participants panel to signal a question or respond to you. For example, "Raise your hand if you attended last year's event."

## Tracking Attention

You can click Attention Tracking  to see who's watching your presentation. Attentive shows that the attendee is watching your presentation. Inattentive shows that the attendee is looking at another application on their computer.
